[RHDHPAI-634] Make Template Card Tech Docs More Specific (#65)
redhat-ai-dev/ai-lab-template: skeleton/template-card-techdocs/app/docs/rag/application.md

<!-- Original Recipe README: https://github.com/containers/ai-lab-recipes/blob/main/recipes/natural_language_processing/rag/README.md
-->

# sed.edit.APP_DISPLAY_NAME

## Application Information

> The application created by this AI Software Template utilizes the [sed.edit.LLM_MODEL_NAME](sed.edit.LLM_MODEL_SRC) model. This is classified as a "sed.edit.LLM_MODEL_CLASSIFICATION" model and is licensed under the sed.edit.LLM_MODEL_LICENSE license.

Reviewer: "...under the "sed.edit.LLM_MODEL_LICENSE" license."

(Or the relevant style)

This application requires the use of a database to store uploaded documents so that the LLM is able to interact with them. The database for this application is [ChromaDB](https://www.trychroma.com/). The use of [Langchain's python package](https://python.langchain.com/docs/introduction/) to simplify communication with the Model Service and uses [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io/) for the UI layer.

> The LLM references information within those documents to provide more accurate responses to the prompt. You can view an example of this application below:

Reviewer: " This application requires the use of a database to store uploaded documents for the LLM to interact with the database (or the user?). The database for this application is [ChromaDB](https://www.trychroma.com/). The application uses [Langchain's python package](https://python.langchain.com/docs/introduction/) to simplify communication with the Model Service and uses [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io/) for the UI layer.
 The LLM references information with the Langchain's python package documents to provide more accurate responses to the prompt. You can view an example of this application in the following image:"

> The user of the application will be able to upload documents via the UI and the LLM will use reference information within those documents to provide more accurate responses to the prompt. You can view an example of this application below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The LLM references information within those documents to provide more accurate responses to the prompt. You can view an example of this application below:
```
